## Authors:   
	Jonathan Smith 41794777  
	Heng Yin 87557913

## Files:
### ALU_Cal.vhd  
This file calculates the result of the specified operation, as well as stores the values provided by the user into registers

### ALU_OP_tb  
This files contains a testbench for the ALU_Cal.vhd file, it tests all 5 operations by uncommenting certian sections of the code

### BCD_to_7ESG.vhd  
This file was adapted from a file provided as part of a labaratory. It takes a BCD code and converts deisplays it on teh seven segemnt display

### CONTORL.vhd  
This file feeds BCD code into the BCD_to_7SEG file as well as handles multiplexing of the eight seven segment deisplays

### ENEL373_CPF.bit  
This is the bit file generated by the all of the code, can be sued to program the FPGA

### FSM_OP.vhd	  
This file contains the finite state machine teh calculator runs on, it chnages the state as well as recording the operation specified by the user.

### Nexys4DDR_Master.xdc
This is the constraints file

### Test_D_FF_with_R.vhd
This file was provided on learn and is used in the storing of data in registers

### bcd_blanker.vhd
This filw was provided on learn and is used in the binary to bcd converter

### bin_to_bcd.vhd	
This file was provided on learn and converts numbers from binary ot bcd

### my_n_reg.vhd
This file was adapted from provided code and stores data in a register

### narottams_clk_dividor.vhd
This file was provided on learn and creates clock signals of varying frequencies from the main clock signal



# To use the calculator:
This calculator has 3 states:  
### [num1 | num2 | result]
The first three LEDs correspond to these three states.    
The last input will be recalled and repersented by the rightmost twelve LEDs.  
The second switch [SW(14)] is the reset button. It will clear the Registers for numbers.


* 1. Enter in your first number in signed binary with the rightmost twelve switches. [SW(11 downto 0)]
 At the same time, the corresponding decimal number is displayed on 7-seg LEDs.

* 2. Turn on the leftmost switches [SW(15)], ready for operation.

* 3. Enter in your operation with the pushbuttons  
>-  [*]  top : multiplication  
>-	[+]  left   : addition        
>-	[-]  center : square            
>-	[/]  right  : division  
>-	[^2] bottom : subtraction  

If square is selected the answer will be displayed.  
If division by zero => 'error' will be displayed on 7-seg LEDs.  

* 4. Enter in your second number in signed binary with the rightmost twelve switches.   
At the same time, the corresponding decimal number is displayed on 7-seg LEDs.

* 5. Turn on the 3rd switch [SW(13)], into [result] state. The result is displayed on 7-seg LEDs.

* 6. To clear the calculator, switch the 4th switch [SW(12)] from the right and put all switches back to their original position.
			





